https://www.ibm.com/demos/live/tts-demo/self-service/home
English, American, Kevin, 1.0 speed, default pitch

https://bestia.dev/
https://github.com/bestia-dev/cargo_crev_reviews_workspace/tree/main/cargo_crev_reviews
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8auYVesj6wc

Hello and welcome to bestia dev !
I just love programming.
Learning Rust Wasm Webassembly programming, and having fun.

Today we will install and run the application cargo crev reviews.
Write cargo-crev reviews in Graphical user interface with a cross-platform app written in full-stack rust.

First install the app using cargo install.
Go to a Rust project directory where the Cargo.toml file is, and start the program.
The backend part of this app is a Linux terminal C L I program.
Enter your crev passphrase for review signing.
The program will open your default browser as the frontend part of the application.
The utility cargo tree lists all the dependency tree of your project.
The color of the crate name shows the rating you gave it in your review.
The second column lists the publisher of this crate version.
It is green if the person is in your trusted publishers list.

Click on the crate name to get more information about it.
This will open several new tabs in the browser and a V S Code project where you can inspect and review the source code.

One opened tab is for crates io where the source code is stored.
The next tab is lib rs to find some additional information.
The page web crev dev lists publicly available reviews about this crate.
And finally the most important part - your reviews for versions of this crate.
You can review only the versions that are locally cached by cargo, because in the signing process a digest is calculated from the source code.
In this example I trust the publisher Josh Triplett and will create a review because of his reputation and not actually reviewing the source code.
This is why I set thoroughness and understanding to None.
I prepared a short list of People in the Rust community that are highly visible and reputable.
My rating for this crate based on the author reputation is Positive.
I set thoroughness and understanding to None, because I didn't review the code.
I saved this review for this one version and close the tab.
The version list must be refreshed to show the changes.
Now I want to repeat the same review for all the versions that are locally cached.
All the reviews will be equal or similar, so the program suggests the same comment for the new version.
Save it, close the tab and refresh the list.

This is all for today. 
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Feel free to contact me on Git hub slash bestia.dev.
